Add support for compose v2 with ComposeContainer (#5608)
testcontainers/testcontainers-java: docs/modules/docker_compose.md

            .waitingFor("db_1", Wait.forLogMessage("started", 1))
            .withLocalCompose(true);
```

## Compose V2

[Compose V2 is GA](https://www.docker.com/blog/announcing-compose-v2-general-availability/) and it relies on the `docker` command itself instead of `docker-compose`.

```java
public static DockerComposeContainer environment =
    new DockerComposeContainer(new File("src/test/resources/compose-test.yml"))
            .withExposedService("redis-1", REDIS_PORT, Wait.forListeningPort())
            .waitingFor("db-1", Wait.forLogMessage("started", 1));
```

> 

Reviewer: The difference in the code example is the format of the services, does this mean it will be a breaking change for users to go with v2? Just realized this now while looking at the example.

Author: PR description has been updated taking into account all the information needed in this change.

            .waitingFor("db_1", Wait.forLogMessage("started", 1))
            .withLocalCompose(true);
```

## Compose V2

> [Compose V2 is GA](https://www.docker.com/blog/announcing-compose-v2-general-availability/) and it relies in `docker` command instead of `docker-compose`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Compose V2 is GA](https://www.docker.com/blog/announcing-compose-v2-general-availability/) and it relies on the `docker` command itself instead of `docker-compose`.
```

```java
public static DockerComposeContainer environment =
    new DockerComposeContainer(new File("src/test/resources/compose-test.yml"))
            .withComposeV2()
            .withExposedService("redis-1", REDIS_PORT, Wait.forListeningPort())
            .waitingFor("db-1", Wait.forLogMessage("started", 1));

> ```

Reviewer: This is still showing the old mechanism with `withComposeV2()`. Can be removed, or?
